roadmap page updates (#254)
eth-protocol-fellows/protocol-studies: docs/wiki/research/roadmap.md

## Core R&D

> The discussion, resources and all research and development on the core protocol is fully open, free and public. Anyone can learn about it (as you are probably doing in this wiki) and further more, anyone can participate. There is no set of individuals which could push core protocol changes, the Ethereum community can raise the voice to help steer the discussion. To learn more about the core R&D shaping the protocol, read the [wiki page about it](../dev/core-development.md).

Reviewer: I think it's not a good idea to use relative paths for links. It's better to use path with root directory

Author: Thank you Kira, the reason was because 
index.html uses /main/docs + vm.route.file(https://github.com/eth-protocol-fellows/protocol-studies/blob/main/docs%2Findex.html#L333) to build the epf page, so the page gives 404 errors when accessing links and not rendering images. 

So if the epf.wiki url is built like that, how to fix it?

Author: thank you @shyam-patel-kira, I'll fix in the next commit.

- table cells foot-notes are not parsing either in html, so probably I need to use p or span wrap, any thoughts?

Reviewer: Can either use html or use this markdown guide [link](https://www.markdownguide.org/extended-syntax/), it's super handy

**IMPLEMENTED**
| Upgrade                              | Track |    Topic    |                                             Description                                             |                                                                                     Expected effect                                                                                     | State of the art                                     |
| :----------------------------------- | :---: | :---------: | :-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------: | :-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------: | :--------------------------------------------------- |

> | Launch the Beacon Chain              |   -   |    Merge    |             A crucial step in Ethereum's shift to a proof of stake consensus mechanism              | Beacon Chain becomes the engine of block production, replacing mining. Validators have the role and responsibility for processing the validity of all transactions and proposing blocks | shipped </br> EIP-2982<span markdown='1'>[^1]</span> |

Reviewer 2: Beacon chain was running indecently for almost 2 years. When it was launched, it didn't become an 'engine of production'. It was only listening to Ethereum and doing its own proof of stake with empty blocks. 

This part should say that Beacon chain is launched as an independent network connected to Ethereum, bootstraping validators and preparing for the merge

| Merge Execution and Consensus Layers |   -   |    Merge    |              Ethereum's execution layer merged with the Beacon chain (consensus layer)              |                                             Proof of work activities ceased and the network's consensus mechanism shifted to proof of stake                                             | shipped                                              |

> | Enable Withdrawals                   |   -   | Withdrawals | The last of the three-part process of Ethereum's transition to a proof of stake consensus mechanism |                                        Validators can push withdrawals from the Beacon chain to the EVM via a new "system-level" operation type                                         | shipped </br>EIP-4895[^2]                            |

Reviewer 2: Not sure if 'push withdrawals from BN to EVM' makes sense here. Validators can add withdrawal credentials and protocol automatically withdraws all inactive capital. 

```suggestion
| Enable Withdrawals                   |   -   | Withdrawals | The last of the three-part process of Ethereum's transition to a proof of stake consensus mechanism |                                        Validators can add their withdrawal credentials and protocol continuously sweeps inactive capital from the validator set                       | shipped </br>EIP-4895[^2]                            |
```

**TODO** 

> | Upgrade                              | Track |          Topic           |                                                                 Description                                                                  |                                                                                                                                          Expected effect                                                                                                                                          | State of the art                                                                                                  |

Reviewer 2: Since the Track column is empty in this part and later just repeats MEV, I would consider removing it. I think it's quite clear from other parts where the topic fits and it's easier to keep these tables smaller

| :----------------------------------- | :---: | :----------------------: | :------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------: | :-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------: | :---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
|                                      |       |                          |                                                                                                                                              |                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   |

> | Single slot finality (SSF)           |   -   | Increase validator count |                                           Blocks could be proposed and finalized in the same slot                                            | (i) more convenient for apps (transactions finalization time improved by an order of magnitude, i.e. 12 seconds instead of 12 minutes means better UX for all), (ii) much more difficult to attack (multi block MEV re-orgs can be eliminated and the complexity in consensus mechanism, reduced) | in research </br>(i) VB's SSF notes[^4] </br>(ii) 8192 signatures post-SSF[^5] </br>(iii) simple SSF protocol[^6] |

Reviewer 2: One important part here could be a faster bridging for L2s

Author: agree, and I will add it as an expected effect of ssf, but I would have to add the context of universal synchronous composability across rollups, because until the challenge period can be drastically reduced for rollups (e.g by real-time SNARK proving,  L2>L1 compatibility via L1 sequencers), SSF won't do much in bridging time, imo. Most likely tho, real-time proving will be achieved before ssf..
